You're listening to Rhiannon talking about how she keeps in touch with her best friend who lives in South Africa.
My best friend is Natasha.
She lives in South Africa.
She's the bestest friend I've ever, ever, ever had.
She's like a family member to me.
We do everything together.
We laugh together.
We share stories together.
We enjoy each other's company.
We just get on really well.
And so how does that work now that you're living in Newport?
We speak to each other every day, probably without fail.
And we just have a laugh together, as I said.
We just have fun together.
It's just great.
I just wish she was here.
And now that you aren't able to see her as regularly, do you talk on the telephone or how do you...?
We are in touch via WhatsApp.
We message each other every day.
We, again, as I said before, we message people.
We message each other asking how our day was.
And yes, it's good to have that communication with friends.
And because I think it's very important to have friends.